---
title: "August: Reading a Journal Article a Day"
date: "2020-08-01T11:34:32.169Z"
template: "post"
draft: false
slug: "journal-article-a-day"
category: "Research"
tags:
  - "Immersed Boundary Method"
description: "What journal articles I read everyday for the month of August"
socialImage: ""
---

My PhD program stars in early September. I feel slightly underprepared to begin my research, so I've decided to read a couple journal articles to prepare myself. For the month of August, my goal is to read one scientific journal article per day. Below is the list of articles and a short description of each journal I read throughout the month. 

+ **Day 6: Rajat Mittal, Gianluca Iaccarino. 2005. Immersed Boundary Method. *Ann. Rev. Fluid Mech.* 37:239-61**

	The Immersed Boundary (IB) method are all such methods that simulate viscous flows with an immersed boundary that does not conform to the shape of the grid of the outer fluid flow. Instead of using coordinate transforms, the IB method discretizes the local cell geometry and applies it towards the discretized fluid flow. This method is typically used to simulate flows around objects with complex geometries and moving boundaries.

	In general, there are two major ways to categorize different IB methods: 1) continuous forcing approach and 2) discrete forcing approach. Current applications of the IB methods are limited to low/mid Reynolds Number flows. To simulate flows with high Re with the IB method requires higher resolution between the immersed boundary and the fluid flow since eddies can form within those boundary layers.

+ **Day 7: R. P. Beyer, R. J. Leveque. 1992. Analysis of a One-Dimensional Model for the Immersed Boundary Method. *Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics* 29:332-64**

+ **Day 8: M.D. de Tullio, P. De Palma, G. Iaccarino, G. Pascazio, M. Napolitano. 2007. An immersed boundary method for compressible flows using local grid refinement. *Journal of Computational Physics* 225:2098-2117**

+ **Day 9: Karthik Duraisamy, Gianluca Iaccarino and Heng Xiao. 2019. Turbulence Modeling in the Age of Data. *Annual Review of Fluid Mechanics* 51:357-377**

	Applying the Reynolds Operator to the Navier-Stokes equations derives the Reynolds equations, which are a set of underdetermined system of equations. There are two ways to solves theres equations: 1) Approximate the unclosed terms to derive a closed, computable model or 2)Creating bounds for the value of unclosed terms. The second method can sometimes be more accurate since it constructs a prediction interval rather than making explicit estimates that may be highly inaccurate. In the past four decades, there has been a large accumulation of data from DNS and LES simulation. These datasets can be used with modern sophisticated ML techniques to produce data-drive models that can quantify the confidence intervals from the RANS model. 

+ **Day 10: H. Dong, R. Mittal, F. M. Najjar. 2006. Wake topology and hydrodynamic performance of low-aspect-ratio flapping foils. *J. Fluid Mech* 556:309-343**

+ **Day 11: Eric Chang, Laura Y. Matloff, Amanda K. Stowers, David Lentink. 2020. Soft biohybrid morphing wings with feathers underactuated by wrist and finger motion. *Science Robotics* 5**

+ **Day 12: Mattia Gazzola, Médéric Argentina, L. Mahadevan. 2014. Gait and speed selection in slender inertial swimmers. *PNAS***


